capital = 64 #Grozny

#oob = "CIN_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    fascism = 22
	democratic = 20
	communism = 12
	neutrality = 46
}


recruit_character = KEK_tyronne
recruit_character = KEK_moot
recruit_character = KEK_tate
recruit_character = KEK_bob_random
recruit_character = KEK_luca_hill
recruit_character = KEK_stanley_robinson
recruit_character = KEK_jackson_watts
recruit_character = KEK_jackson_watts
recruit_character = KEK_nicholas_rodgers
recruit_character = KEK_freddie_taylor
recruit_character = KEK_graysen_mccarthy
recruit_character = KEK_edgar_merril
recruit_character = KEK_yoused_preston
recruit_character = KEK_jackson_dawson
recruit_character = KEK_liam_richarson
recruit_character = KEK_isaac_payne
recruit_character = KEK_timothy_snider

recruit_character = KEK_john_williams
recruit_character = KEK_lewis_reid
recruit_character = KEK_jordan_parry
recruit_character = KEK_benjamin_hunter
recruit_character = KEK_ryan_miller
recruit_character = KEK_bentle_tucker
recruit_character = KEK_houston_farley
recruit_character = KEK_jasiah_norman
recruit_character = KEK_billy_ortiz
recruit_character = KEK_adrian_mosley
recruit_character = KEK_cody_duncan
recruit_character = KEK_frankie_gill
recruit_character = KEK_ben_mcdonald
recruit_character = KEK_jackson_scott
recruit_character = KEK_max_west
recruit_character = KEK_jaylin_sosa
recruit_character = KEK_randy_shelton
recruit_character = KEK_bruce_ramirez
recruit_character = KEK_jacob_henderson
recruit_character = KEK_ethan_brooks
recruit_character = KEK_reece_shaw
recruit_character = KEK_lawson_craft


