recruit_character = MSR_king_zog
recruit_character = MSR_enver_hoxha
recruit_character = MSR_xhemal_aranitasi
recruit_character = MSR_eqrem_belishi
recruit_character = MSR_tefik_mborja
recruit_character = MSR_halil_nergutti
recruit_character = MSR_ismael_ghaxa
recruit_character = MSR_hajre_fetahu
recruit_character = MSR_xhelal_mitrovica
recruit_character = MSR_selim_moishiou
recruit_character = MSR_kol_bibe_mirakaj
recruit_character = MSR_qemal_komani
recruit_character = MSR_prenk_pervizi
recruit_character = MSR_alexander_mori
recruit_character = MSR_aziz_sulejmani
recruit_character = MSR_kristo_cajupi
recruit_character = MSR_eqrem_libohova
recruit_character = MSR_zuhdi_shabani
recruit_character = MSR_rexhep_mitrovica
recruit_character = MSR_hasan_begolli
recruit_character = MSR_fiqri_dine
recruit_character = MSR_midhat_frasheri
recruit_character = MSR_jocelyn_percy

capital = 44

OOB = "MSR_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

#VARIABLES
set_variable = { MSR_royal_guard_division_cap = 2 } 

#EFFECTS
activate_advisor = MSR_hasha_pas
set_division_template_cap = { 
	division_template = "Royal Guard" 
	division_cap = MSR_royal_guard_division_cap
}

add_ideas = {
	MSR_growing_republican_support
	MSR_national_congress
}

country_event = {
	id = albania_events.6
	days = 32
}

set_convoys = 5

